= mblPictureBox =
This jQuery plugin can be called on links that point to an image and will upon the link being pressed display the linked image in a colorbox fashion.

_Developed for mbl.is_

== Features ==
  * Keyboard shortcuts
    - Right and left arrow keys to navigate.
    - Space bar to see next image.
    - Escape to close.
  * Override default behaviour
    - Set load_item function in settings and it will be called instead of the default loading of the image in the link.
      * You then have access to both the text and the main elements, and you can put anything you want in there.
      * When you're done putting the items you want into those fields you can either set position and size manually or call the built in functions.
      * mblPicturebox.resizeContainerToFit() and mblPictureBox.containerCenterInWindow()
    - Set get_text function in settings and the return value from that function will be used as image description.
  * Built in css. Check the javascript file and it should be pretty evident.

== Download ==
  Latest release http://mbl.is/~viktor/mblPictureBox.js

== Examples ==

    $('.newsimg-left a, .newsimg-right a, .newsitem_main_img_big a, .news-extraimg li a').mblPictureBox({
        'get_text': function(link) { return link.next().html(); }
    });

or

    $('.myndasyrpa').mblPictureBox({ 'show_text': false });

Live examples can be found here:
  * http://mbl.is/folk/frettir/2011/02/28/kjol_kidman_likt_vid_bordduk/ click any of the photos, look out for ads.

== Settings ==

=== show_close ===
  _default_: true

  Show close button?

=== show_text ===
  _default_: true

  Show description text?

=== show_navigation ===
  _default_: true

  Show next, previous image buttons. They will not appear if the plugin is run on only one image.

=== show_count ===
  _default_: true

  Show the number of images that are in the current selection.

=== disable_keyboard ===
  _default_: false

  When set to true keyboard shortcuts are disabled.

=== load_item ===
  _default_: undefined

  This is a function that is called to load the item. This function should be of the form load_item(link, context, text).
    * link: A jQuery object of the link pressed
    * context: A jQuery object which will be displayed where the image is normally placed
    * text: A jQuery object of the element where the text is displayed.
    This function should call mblPictureBox.resizeContainerToFit() and mblPictureBox.containerCenterInWindow().

=== get_text ===
  _default_: undefined

  When defined this function is called with a jQuery object of the link pressed. This function should then return the text to be displayed with the image or *null* if nothing should be shown.
