= mblRenningur =
A slider jQuery plugin.

_Developed for mbl.is_

== Description ==
This jQuery plugin is called on ul lists with fixed height items. The plugin creates a viewfinder, floats the items left and creates paging with a sliding effect for the items.

== Example ==
    $('ul.renningur_folk').mblRenningur();

or

    $('ul.renningur_folk').mblRenningur({'btn_wrap_inner': '<div class="arrow bgc"></div>'});

== Settings ==

=== btn_left_text and btn_right_text ===
  _default_: previous and next respecively

  The text that is printed inside the respective link.

=== btn_left_class and btn_right_class ===
  _default_: btn_left and btn_right respectively

  The class of the right and left links.

=== btn_disabled_class ===
  _default_: disabled

  The class set on the right and left links when they are disabled.

=== btn_wrap_inner ===
  _default_: *null*

  If set the link texts for right and left links is wrapped with this jQuery element.

=== viewfinder_class ===
  _default_:

  If set this is the class of the viewfinder.

=== viewfinder_height ===
  _default_: 0

  If set to a value > 0 this will override the height given by the items.

=== frontmost_element_class ===
  _default_: front

  This is the class the front element in the viewfinder has.

=== list_moved ===
  _default_: function() {}

  This function will be called when the list moves and animation has stopped.

=== scroll_item_count ===
  _default_: page

  The renningur will slide this number of items each time the user presses right or left link. If set to page the renningur will scroll a whole viewfinder screen at once.

=== animation_speed ===
  _default_: slow

  The speed of the animation.

=== indicator ===
  _default_: *null*

  If set to a jQuery element it will be formed into a indicator for the current slider. Showing where the current elements are in the whole list of them.

=== indicator_current_class ===
  _default_:

  If set the element that is added to the indicator element is set with this class.

=== center_element ===
  Probably a legacy option, not sure however.
